Update README.md (#180)
googleapis/nodejs-document-ai: README.md

} = require('@google-cloud/documentai').v1beta3;

// Instantiates a client

> // const client = new DocumentProcessorServiceClient({apiEndpoint: 'eu-documentai.googleapis.com'}); // Required if using eu based processor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// You can use processors based in other regions, using the apiEndpoint option:
// const client = new DocumentProcessorServiceClient({apiEndpoint: 'eu-documentai.googleapis.com'}); 
```
